book/src/attributes/logos.md, before:

# `#[logos]`

As previously said, the `#[logos]` attribute can be attached to the `enum`
of your token definition to customize your lexer. Note that they all are
**optional**.

The syntax is as follows:

```rust,no_run,no_playground
#[derive(Logos)]
#[logos(skip "regex literal")]
#[logos(extras = ExtrasType)]
#[logos(error = ErrorType)]
#[logos(crate = path::to::logos)]
#[logos(source = SourceType)]
enum Token {
    /* ... */
}
```

where `"regex literal"` can be any regex supported by
[`#[regex]`](../common-regex,md), and `ExtrasType` can be of any type!

An example usage of `skip` is provided in the [JSON parser example](../examples/json.md).

For more details about extras, read the [eponym section](../extras.md).

## Custom error type

By default, **Logos** uses `()` as the error type, which means that it
doesn't store any information about the error.
This can be changed by using `#[logos(error = ErrorType)]` attribute on the enum.
The type `ErrorType` can be any type that implements `Clone`, `PartialEq`,
`Default` and `From<E>` for each callback's error type.

`ErrorType` must implement the `Default` trait because invalid tokens, i.e.,
literals that do not match any variant, will produce `Err(ErrorType::default())`.

For example, here is an example using a custom error type:

```rust,no_run,noplayground
{{#include ../../../examples/custom_error.rs:all}}
```

You can add error variants to `LexingError`,
and implement `From<E>` for each error type `E` that could
be returned by a callback. See [callbacks](../callbacks.md).

## Specifying path to logos

You can force the derive macro to use a different path to `Logos`'s crate
with `#[logos(crate = path::to::logos)]`.

## Custom source type

By default, **Logos**'s lexer will accept `&str` as input, unless any of the
pattern literals match a non utf-8 bytes sequence. In this case, it will fall
back to `&[u8]`. You can override this behavior by forcing one of the two
source types. You can also specify any custom time that implements
[`Source`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/source/trait.Source.html).

Commit message:

make agnostic patterns go before enum + `FilterSkip`
"Agnostic" patterns (those not defined for any specific token) previously had to be added to some Unit token.
Now they are required to be added to the `Token` enum itself.

This also adds `FilterSkip` which either skips or returns an error, but never a token. It's useful for block comments.

Lastly, added some more documentation to the handbook.

book/src/attributes/logos.md, after:

# `#[logos]`

As previously said, the `#[logos]` attribute can be attached to the `enum`
of your token definition to customize your lexer. Note that they all are
**optional**.

The syntax is as follows:

```rust,no_run,no_playground
#[derive(Logos)]
#[logos(extras = ExtrasType)]
#[logos(error = ErrorType)]
#[logos(crate = path::to::logos)]
#[logos(source = SourceType)]
#[logos(skip "regex literal")]
#[logos(subpattern name = "regex literal")]
#[logos(type T = GenericType)]
#[token(...)]
#[regex(...)]
enum Token {
    /* ... */
}
```

where `"regex literal"` can be any regex supported by
[`#[regex]`](../common-regex,md), `name` can be an arbitrary identifier, and `ExtrasType`/`ErrorType`/`GenericType` can be of any type!

See [this section](../token_and_regex.md#agnostic) for details about "agnostic" `#[token]` and `#[regex]`.

An example usage of `skip` is provided in the [JSON parser example](../examples/json.md).

For more details about extras, read the [eponym section](../extras.md).

## Custom error type

By default, **Logos** uses `()` as the error type, which means that it
doesn't store any information about the error.
This can be changed by using `#[logos(error = ErrorType)]` attribute on the enum.
The type `ErrorType` can be any type that implements `Clone`, `PartialEq`,
`Default` and `From<E>` for each callback's error type.

`ErrorType` must implement the `Default` trait because invalid tokens, i.e.,
literals that do not match any variant, will produce `Err(ErrorType::default())`.

For example, here is an example using a custom error type:

```rust,no_run,noplayground
{{#include ../../../examples/custom_error.rs:all}}
```

You can add error variants to `LexingError`,
and implement `From<E>` for each error type `E` that could
be returned by a callback. See [callbacks](../callbacks.md).

## Specifying path to logos

You can force the derive macro to use a different path to `Logos`'s crate
with `#[logos(crate = path::to::logos)]`.

## Custom source type

By default, **Logos**'s lexer will accept `&str` as input, unless any of the
pattern literals match a non utf-8 bytes sequence. In this case, it will fall
back to `&[u8]`. You can override this behavior by forcing one of the two
source types. You can also specify any custom time that implements
[`Source`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/source/trait.Source.html).

## Subpatterns

**Subpatterns** are regex literals which can exist in other patterns via the `(?&name)` syntax. This is useful for defining common regex fragments that are used in multiple places. For example:

```rust,no_run,no_playground
{{#include ../../../examples/subpatterns.rs:all}}
```
