book/src/callbacks.md, before:

# Using callbacks

**Logos** can also call arbitrary functions whenever a pattern is matched,
which can be used to put data into a variant:

```rust,no_run,no_playground
use logos::{Logos, Lexer};

// Note: callbacks can return `Option` or `Result`
fn kilo(lex: &mut Lexer<Token>) -> Option<u64> {
    let slice = lex.slice();
    let n: u64 = slice[..slice.len() - 1].parse().ok()?; // skip 'k'
    Some(n * 1_000)
}

fn mega(lex: &mut Lexer<Token>) -> Option<u64> {
    let slice = lex.slice();
    let n: u64 = slice[..slice.len() - 1].parse().ok()?; // skip 'm'
    Some(n * 1_000_000)
}

#[derive(Logos, Debug, PartialEq)]
#[logos(skip r"[ \t\n\f]+")]
enum Token {
    // Callbacks can use closure syntax, or refer
    // to a function defined elsewhere.
    //
    // Each pattern can have it's own callback.
    #[regex("[0-9]+", |lex| lex.slice().parse().ok())]
    #[regex("[0-9]+k", kilo)]
    #[regex("[0-9]+m", mega)]
    Number(u64),
}

fn main() {
    let mut lex = Token::lexer("5 42k 75m");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), Some(Ok(Token::Number(5))));
    assert_eq!(lex.slice(), "5");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), Some(Ok(Token::Number(42_000))));
    assert_eq!(lex.slice(), "42k");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), Some(Ok(Token::Number(75_000_000))));
    assert_eq!(lex.slice(), "75m");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), None);
}
```

Logos can handle callbacks with following return types:

| Return type                                                                       | Produces                                                                                            |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `()`                                                                              | `Ok(Token::Unit)`                                                                                   |
| `bool`                                                                            | `Ok(Token::Unit)` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::default())`                                  |
| `Result<(), E>`                                                                   | `Ok(Token::Unit)` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))`                                  |
| `T`                                                                               | `Ok(Token::Value(T))`                                                                               |
| `Option<T>`                                                                       | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::default())`                              |
| `Result<T, E>`                                                                    | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))`                              |
| [`Skip`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/struct.Skip.html)                     | _skips matched input_                                                                               |
| [`Filter<T>`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/enum.Filter.html)                | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** _skips matched input_                                                  |
| [`FilterResult<T, E>`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/enum.FilterResult.html) | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))` **or** _skips matched input_ |

Callbacks can be also used to do perform more specialized lexing in place
where regular expressions are too limiting. For specifics look at
[`Lexer::remainder`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/struct.Lexer.html#method.remainder) and
[`Lexer::bump`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/struct.Lexer.html#method.bump).

Commit message:

make agnostic patterns go before enum + `FilterSkip`
"Agnostic" patterns (those not defined for any specific token) previously had to be added to some Unit token.
Now they are required to be added to the `Token` enum itself.

This also adds `FilterSkip` which either skips or returns an error, but never a token. It's useful for block comments.

Lastly, added some more documentation to the handbook.

book/src/callbacks.md, after:

# Using callbacks

**Logos** can also call arbitrary functions whenever a pattern is matched,
which can be used to put data into a variant:

```rust,no_run,no_playground
use logos::{Logos, Lexer};

// Note: callbacks can return `Option` or `Result`
fn kilo(lex: &mut Lexer<Token>) -> Option<u64> {
    let slice = lex.slice();
    let n: u64 = slice[..slice.len() - 1].parse().ok()?; // skip 'k'
    Some(n * 1_000)
}

fn mega(lex: &mut Lexer<Token>) -> Option<u64> {
    let slice = lex.slice();
    let n: u64 = slice[..slice.len() - 1].parse().ok()?; // skip 'm'
    Some(n * 1_000_000)
}

#[derive(Logos, Debug, PartialEq)]
// logos::skip is a built-in callback that returns `Skip`, causing the lexer to skip the matched input
#[regex(r"[ \t\n\f]+")]
enum Token {
    // Callbacks can use closure syntax, or refer
    // to a function defined elsewhere.
    //
    // Each pattern can have it's own callback.
    #[regex("[0-9]+", |lex| lex.slice().parse().ok())]
    #[regex("[0-9]+k", kilo)]
    #[regex("[0-9]+m", mega)]
    Number(u64),
}

fn main() {
    let mut lex = Token::lexer("5 42k 75m");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), Some(Ok(Token::Number(5))));
    assert_eq!(lex.slice(), "5");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), Some(Ok(Token::Number(42_000))));
    assert_eq!(lex.slice(), "42k");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), Some(Ok(Token::Number(75_000_000))));
    assert_eq!(lex.slice(), "75m");

    assert_eq!(lex.next(), None);
}
```

Logos can handle callbacks with following return types:

| Return type                                                                           | Agnostic | Produces                                                                                            |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `()`                                                                                  | No       | `Ok(Token::Unit)`                                                                                   |
| `bool`                                                                                | No       | `Ok(Token::Unit)` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::default())`                                  |
| `Result<(), E>`                                                                       | No       | `Ok(Token::Unit)` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))`                                  |
| `T`                                                                                   | No       | `Ok(Token::Value(T))`                                                                               |
| `Option<T>`                                                                           | No       | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::default())`                              |
| `Result<T, E>`                                                                        | No       | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))`                              |
| [`Filter<T>`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/enum.Filter.html)                    | No       | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** _skips matched input_                                                  |
| [`FilterResult<T, E>`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/enum.FilterResult.html)     | No       | `Ok(Token::Value(T))` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))` **or** _skips matched input_ |
| [`Skip`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/struct.Skip.html)                         | **Yes**  | _skips matched input_                                                                               |
| [`FilterSkip<E>`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/enum.FilterSkip.html)            | **Yes**  | `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))` **or** _skips matched input_                              |
| `Token`                                                                               | **Yes**  | `Ok(Token)`                                                                                         |
| `Result<Token, E>`                                                                    | **Yes**  | `Ok(Token)` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::default())`                                        |
| [`Filter<Token>`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/enum.Filter.html)                | **Yes**  | `Ok(Token)` **or** _skips matched input_                                                            |
| [`FilterResult<Token, E>`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/enum.FilterResult.html) | **Yes**  | `Ok(Token)` **or** `Err(<Token as Logos>::Error::from(err))` **or** _skips matched input_           |

Patterns with **agnostic** callbacks _must_ be placed before the enum declaration within a `#[logos(...)]` annotation. Patterns without agnostic callbacks must be placed before the variant they are associated with.

Callbacks can be also used to do perform more specialized lexing in place
where regular expressions are too limiting. For specifics look at
[`Lexer::remainder`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/struct.Lexer.html#method.remainder) and
[`Lexer::bump`](https://docs.rs/logos/latest/logos/struct.Lexer.html#method.bump).
